Hello my name is tubby I live here in this wonderful library
and I love to eat books I live here with my friends gumbo and freckles
gumbo freckles come out come out wherever you are
over there on that great book is grand old holy
she is really old and wise and tells us wonderful stories
when she is awake that is Oh and We love to sing
Hello there I had been sitting and thinking about which story I should tell you today
oh great I hope it's another story about the brave David
yes it is but you have to listen carefully because
I will ask a question at the end of the story
we always do wholly or right that
This story is about a young man David going into hiding
David's a young boy was chosen by the Lord to be the next king of Israel
after King Saul.  Saul loved David and had made him the commander in the army
he was brave handsome and a good leader
it was not long before people started singing praises in the main off David
when King Saul saw this he was very angry and jealous
and he thought that soon his people would want David as their King
so he tried to kill him
David soon realized that and so he went into hiding
he could not understand why the king had the sudden change of heart
David ran from one place to another to get away from Kings soul
and his many soldiers who were looking everywhere for him
one day King Saul and his soldiers came near the cave where David had been hiding
it was night so they decided to rest and continue the search in the morning
when David saw them he became very worried
he thought to himself this is the perfect time to kill him
However David could not kill soul david was loyal
And he wanted to know why soul wanted him dead
So when everyone was asleep david crept towards King Saul
and cut a part of his robe in the morning he showed the piece of cloth to King Saul
and said my lord while I had the chance to kill you
I did not I'm a lord serving then why did you want to kill me
seeing David Saul's anger went  away
David is so loyal isn't that wonderful
hmm now for my question where was David hiding
when Saul soldiers came looking
I know  in a cave, that's right
you are very good little bookworms bye bye